# Git Guidelines

Please follow the guidelines below when contributing to this project via Git and pull requests.

<!-- TOC -->
* [Git Guidelines](#git-guidelines)
  * [Git Commit Messages](#git-commit-messages)
  * [Pull Request Style](#pull-request-style)
  * [Our Git workflow](#our-git-workflow)
<!-- TOC -->

## Git Commit Messages

Write your commit message in the imperative: `"Fix bug"` and not `"Fixed bug"` or `"Fixes bug."`  This convention
matches up with commit messages generated by commands like git merge and git revert.

Example:

```text
Fix issue where Foo is handled as Bar.

Further paragraphs come after blank lines.

- Bullet points are okay, too
- Typically a hyphen or asterisk is used for the bullet, and bullets are wrapped by spaces before and after each bullet block.

If the commit relates to an issue, add a reference(s) to them at the bottom, like so:

Resolve: #123
```

## Pull Request Style

- Push the commits to your forked repository and create a pull request to the `develop` branch of this repository.
- When starting a pull request, it's recommended to start it as draft, so that it's clear that it's still a work in
  progress.
- When the pull request is ready for review, remove the draft status and optionally post the message to
  the `#ptal-anchor-eng` Slack channel.
- If possible, please prefix the pull request title with Jira ticket number, like:
    - `[ANCHOR-100]: Fix the configuration issue.`
    - `[ANCHOR-295]: SEP-6 deposit implementation.`
- Please make sure to fulfill the pull request templates.
- When merging the pull request, we suggest to use the squash & commit option.

## Our Git workflow

We use the [Gitflow Workflow](https://www.atlassian.com/git/tutorials/comparing-workflows/gitflow-workflow) for this
project.

## How to access GitHub workflow artifacts
The following artifacts are available for each workflow run:
- `/etc/hosts`: The hosts file of the runner.
- `/java-stellar-anchor-sdk/api-schema/build/libs`: The build artifact of the `api-schema` subproject.
- `java-stellar-anchor-sdk/core/build/reports`: The test reports of the `core` subproject.
- `java-stellar-anchor-sdk/platform/build/reports`: The test reports of the `platform` subproject.
- `java-stellar-anchor-sdk/integration-tests/build/reports`: The test reports of the `integration-tests` subproject.

To access the artifacts, follow these steps:
1. Go to the `Actions` tab of the repository.
2. Click on the workflow run you want to access.
3. Find the `Artifacts` section on the bottom of the page.
4. Click to download.